Add reference to Zip/Tar best practices to ExractToDirectory (#12995)
dotnet/dotnet-api-docs: includes/tar-zip-extracttodirectory.md

> [!WARNING]

> > This method must be used only on trusted archives as it doesn't enforce any size limits, entry count limits, or other policies needed for safe extraction of untrusted archives. Refer to [Best practices for using zip and tar archives](/dotnet/standard/io/zip-tar-best-practices) for more information on safely extracting archives from untrusted sources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> This method must be used only on trusted archives as it doesn't enforce any size limits, entry count limits, or other policies needed for safe extraction of untrusted archives. For more information on safely extracting archives from untrusted sources, see [Best practices for using zip and tar archives](/dotnet/standard/io/zip-tar-best-practices).
```
